Add documentation about in-place methods (#345)
JuliaSmoothOptimizers/Krylov.jl: docs/src/inplace.md

## In-place methods

> All solvers in Krylov.jl have in-place method which ends with `!`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All solvers in Krylov.jl have an in-place variant implemented in a method whose name ends with `!`.
```

> A workspace (`KrylovSolver`) that contains the storage needed by a Krylov method can be used to solve multiple linear systems that have the same size and floating-point precision.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A workspace (`KrylovSolver`) that contains the storage needed by a Krylov method can be used to solve multiple linear systems that have the same dimensions in the same floating-point precision.
```

Each `KrylovSolver` has two constructors:

```constructors
XyzSolver(A, b)
XyzSolver(n, m, S)
```

`Xyz` is the name of the Krylov method with lowercase letters except its first one (`Cg`, `Minres`, `Lsmr`, `Bicgstab`, ...).

> Given an operator `A` and a right-hand side `b`, you can create a `KrylovSolver` based on the size of `A` and the type of `b` or explicitly give the dimensions `(n, m)` and the storage type `S`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given an operator `A` and a right-hand side `b`, you can create a `KrylovSolver` based on the size of `A` and the type of `b` or explicitly give the dimensions `(m, n)` and the storage type `S`.
```

> For example, `S = Vector{Float64}` if you want to solve linear systems in double precision with CPUs and `S = CuVector{Float32}` if you want to solve linear systems in single precision with Nvidia GPUs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, use `S = Vector{Float64}` if you want to solve linear systems in double precision on the CPU and `S = CuVector{Float32}` if you want to solve linear systems in single precision on an Nvidia GPU.
```

!!! note

>     `DiomSolver`, `DqgmresSolver` and `CgLanczosShiftSolver` require an additional argument.

Reviewer: Which is what?

The workspace is always the first argument of the in-place methods:

> ```solvers

Reviewer: Is this missing an `@`?

minres_solver = MinresSolver(n, n, Vector{Float64})
x, stats = minres!(minres_solver, A1, b1)

dqgmres_solver = DqgmresSolver(n, n, memory, Vector{BigFloat})
x, stats = dqgmres!(dqgmres_solver, A2, b2)

> lsqr_solver = LsqrSolver(n, m, CuVector{Float32})

Reviewer: `n, m` should be `m, n`. Nobody gives the number of columns first.

x, stats = lsqr!(lsqr_solver, A3, b3)
```

>   

Reviewer: I think you could describe here what kind of operations an "operator" should support.

Author: We did it last year :)
https://juliasmoothoptimizers.github.io/Krylov.jl/stable/matrix-free/

Reviewer: Ok. Didn't read the docs ;-)

## Examples

> We illustrate the use of in-place Krylov solvers for two well-known optimization methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We illustrate the use of in-place Krylov solvers with two well-known optimization methods.
```

> The details of the optimization methods are described in the section about [Matrix-free operators](@ref matrix-free).

Reviewer: See comment below.

> ### Example 1: Newton's Method for convex optimization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example 1: Newton's method for convex optimization without linesearch
```

```@newton
using Krylov

> function newton(f, ∇f, ∇²f, x₀; itmax = 200, tol = 1e-8)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
function newton(∇f, ∇²f, x₀; itmax = 200, tol = 1e-8)
```

    n = length(x₀)
    x = copy(x₀)
    gx = ∇f(x)
    
    iter = 0
    S = typeof(x)
    solver = CgSolver(n, n, S)

    solved = false
    tired = false

    while !(solved || tired)
 
        Hx = ∇²f(x)                       # Compute ∇²f(xₖ)
        Δx, stats = cg!(solver, Hx, -gx)  # Solve ∇²f(xₖ)Δx = -∇f(xₖ)
        x = x + Δx                        # Update xₖ₊₁ = xₖ + Δx
        gx = ∇f(x)                        # ∇f(xₖ₊₁)
        
        iter += 1
        solved = norm(gx) ≤ tol
        tired = iter ≥ itmax
    end
    return x
end
```

> ### Example 2: The Gauss-Newton Method for Nonlinear Least Squares

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example 2: The Gauss-Newton method for nonlinear least squares without linesearch
```
